# Disclaimer

With a kind permission from the authors of the benchmark we are providing the original benchmark implementation in Python (as of 25/07/2024).

# GNBG-Instances
***Python Source Code for Generalized Numerical Benchmark Generator (GNBG)***

This repository contains the Python source code for a series of predefined problem instances generated by the Generalized Numerical Benchmark Generator (GNBG). Detailed descriptions of these GNBG-generated instances can be found in "A. H. Gandomi, D. Yazdani, M. N. Omidvar, and K. Deb, "GNBG-Generated Test Suite for Box-Constrained Numerical Global Optimization," arXiv preprint arXiv:2312.07034, 2023."

Full description of GNBG can be found in "D. Yazdani, M. N. Omidvar, D. Yazdani, K. Deb, and A. H. Gandomi, "GNBG: A Generalized and Configurable Benchmark Generator for Continuous Numerical Optimization," arXiv prepring arXiv:2312.07083, 2023."

***Get Started:***

To use this project, please follow these steps:

1. Clone the project repository to your local machine.
2. Ensure all files are located in the same directory.
3. Execute the "**GNBG_instances.py**" script.

This code features a test suite comprised of 24 instances generated by the GNBG framework and includes a sample optimizer—the Differential Evolution algorithm (DE) from SciPy.

***Key Features:***

The code is structured to work with pre-saved parameter settings for 24 distinct GNBG-generated problem instances (f1 to f24).


***Important Note:***

The actual GNBG generator code, which is essential for creating and manipulating various problem instances, is not included in this repository. It can be accessed separately at https://github.com/Danial-Yazdani/GNBG_Generator.Python

